clarify team owner role (#6384)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/topics/Teams.md

| Admin     | admin     | Admins have similar access as owners, except they cannot take destructive actions on the team or team-owned apps.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| Developer | developer | Developers can access information about team-owned apps, like the client secret or public key. They can also take limited actions on team-owned apps, like configuring interaction endpoints or resetting the bot token. Members with the Developer role *cannot* manage the team or its members, or take destructive actions on team-owned apps. |
| Read-only | read_only | Read-only members can access information about a team and any team-owned apps. Some examples include getting the IDs of applications and exporting payout records.                                                                                                                                                                                |

> \* The Owner role is not represented in the `role` field on team members. The `owner_user_id` field is used instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\* The owner role is not represented in the `role` field on the [team member object](#DOCS_TOPICS_TEAMS/data-models-team-member-object). Instead, the `owner_user_id` field  on the [team object](#DOCS_TOPICS_TEAMS/data-models-team-object) should be used to identify which user has the owner role for the team.
```
